welcome back once again to Jax tech
corner I am once again your host jack
and in this video tutorial after posting
that Ubuntu tutorial yesterday of how to
install Ubuntu I have been receiving
emails and said Jack that's great now
how do I actually burn the ISO image
what to actually do to get that ISO
image burnt and be able to start playing
with Ubuntu Linux well there is a free
program that I like to use that will run
on your windows XP it will run on Vista
or it will even now run on Windows 7 and
it's a very easy to use program to burn
an ISO image onto a CD or a DVD and I'll
put this link with this show folks you
can download it if you need this all you
got to do is do a google search and it's
called burn ISO as the search it's
called CD burner XP one thing I really
like about it is it's absolutely free
all you have to do is when you bring
this up you have to scroll down here
towards the bottom and you'll find it
and you can actually download it let's
see now all here it is I'm sorry to the
top and I just downloaded it so let's
bring this up here click here gives you
the start up screen it tells here it is
a free application and it is down at the
bottom see I knew I wasn't going crazy
you just have to click on here CD burner
XP scroll down the bottom and it says
download the latest version here so I'll
put this link here in the show and so
you'll be able to just come in here and
download it now if you don't have the
dotnet framework tools you'll have to
also install the.net framework but it
will advise you upon needing that so now
that we have it downloaded
let's go and open up and take a look at
it this is the actual program itself and
all we need to do at this point is come
down here where it says burn ISO image
click on that click on ok it's going to
give us this little dialog box is to
select an ISO image to burn so go out to
where you downloaded your Ubuntu this
happens to be mine right here this is an
ISO image tells you right here disk
image file click open make sure it says
finalized disc make sure that is checked
and then eject disk after burning once
everything looks ok you can go ahead the
last word of advice I would say to do is
if you pull this down in there speeds in
here slower than your highest maximum
speed slow this disc burn down a little
bit I did find the first disc I am burnt
free Ubuntu I burn it really really fast
and it basically crapped out right in
the middle of it so it didn't work for
me so pull this down and select a lower
bitrate to burn at it's gonna take a
little bit longer but it's a better burn
once you do that get everything set up
the burn method is just automatically
then hit burn disk now for those out
there with a Mac let's switch out of
this and we're gonna actually minimize
my windows all the way here we'll just
get rid of this ok now I'm going to show
you how you would burn the ISO image the
Ubuntu ISO image if you have a Mac and
you'd like to get in Burnet image I
can't throw this out there to you and
tell you if you're running parallels on
your Mac it's better I found actually
install Ubuntu right from the ISO image
if you're not sure how to do that just
email me and I can tell you how to
settle up so you can install from the
ISO instead of burning it and then
putting it back we will go to our
Applications folder then we want to go
into Disk Utility
what you need to do here then is just
simply click on burn and then go out and
find your actual download mine's under
downloads then Ubuntu 10.4 here is my
ISO image then at that point you would
just simply click on burn and when you
do that it's going to start burning that
image directly to your cd-rom which you
can see will fit on the cd-rom look at
the size here seven point there seven
33.4 or you can burn it to DVD if you
want to waste a DVD know of any CDs
laying around so that is how you would
burn it using Disk Utility on your Mac
so two easy ways to burn iso images to
get you guys started so you can learn
load up your Ubuntu Linux and start
having some good times and playing
around with it until next time as always
folks keep the computers computing and
keep learning new tasks with your
computer don't just use your computer
for everyday things that you do you know
Facebook posting pictures on Flickr you
know learn the computer and learn what
it can do for you and learn how to
better use it and I'll see you back here
next time on jacks tech corner bye for
now